 * Still fighting Moloch and Mammon...
 * Coy downs Mammon. Moloch down with help of Cripps broken staff lightsaber, and Toab prying out the giant ruby eye . Iplu Runs
 * Devils on the outside with Satan watching are cheering us on.
 * XP dished out: 32k xp each
 * CurguudTheMighty talks to us and tells us that Devils that get killed in hell get demoted. Arn is gonna be pissed.
 * Necklace with shard of Zogthan's amulet acquired
 * Coy takes giant ruby and Mammon's coin purse
 * Sklar statue goes into hut so we can transport him
 * For 6 soul coins Curguud gives us a ride out.. by touching his amulet.
 * We find ourselves in small featureless room with depression in floor - inside amulet... Curguud walks us out.
 * Dumped out of amulet where we were portal-ed in.
 * Don'Eagle opened portal and we enter... back in throne room of MalcantheT in Selesia
 * She tells us that ArN has MazeEngine.  ArN and ZogthaN have killed most of agency.  We are to go to agents to EverloN and be captured.
 * We will fight in Arena against ZogthaN.  When amulet half join (the other is around Zogthan's neck), a Tarasque will be summoned and it will destroy everything it can, distracting the devils.
 * A second team will attack Arn at the MazeEngine.
 * If we are unable to take over MazeEngine, we can destroy it or bring it to MalcantheT and she'll deal with it.
 * Sklar emerges from blood bath, no longer a gold statue.
 * Road to EverloN is fraught with danger.  We will start in Fairnaught at the edge of Selis to begin the journey.
 * Malcanthet gives us many potions, and Coy gets a powerful bow, Ephixis (on loan until he dies).
 * Long rest.
