---
LastModifyingUser: monty
---
 * Arena battle continues with half the bureau and half the wierdo bureau.  3 skyswimmers and 2 giant metal bulls remain.
 * VICTORY!  At last.  Zogthan says we'll fight him if we survive a battle with dragons.
 * Meanwhile, in the tower of magic, the other half of the party is confronted with a talk door that says "Solve the puzzle, win the prize."
 * DremorhA checks out the '''N door'''. '''It has a musical note''', and handle.
 * TerloK investigates the '''NW bookshelf'''.  Can't read a thing.
 * ArzehK goes to '''NE door''' and sees a '''round object with jagged edges''' as wood inlay.  After touching, everyone dissapears into another room.
 * We appear in a cross room with a door to the E.  Statue of dwarven warrior (granite) (S), and a snarling Medusa painted (N). W appears to be dead end.
 * ToabTimbers investigates both statues.  They are both big... bigger than normal size creatures (20' Medusa, 8' dwarf).
 * FistriT checks out the dwarf.. horified look on his face.  W appears to be blank wall.
 * CoY inspects the dwarf.  
 * DremorhA - is unable to shift the dwarf, weighs 2 tons.
 * TerloK - looks at alcoves, tries to move Medusa - unable.
 * ArzehK - climbs Medusa, looks at hair - very life-like. On wall behind Medusa, nothing but stone.
 * CoY - puts buffalo fur over Medusa head.  '''Dwarf starts to move!!!''' (still made of stone) - Gives us (wizards saids we need) a large potted plant with purple bloom with teeth. "Feed Me"
 * We appear back in the original room.
 * N - music note - teleports to music conservatory with musical instruments
  * Giant skull floating above grand piano "Play notes right about my wish for all people and I'll give you a key, play a notes wrongly and grant my wish upon you."
  * DremorhA plays notes "DEAD" - Skull gives a key.
  * CoY checks out sheet music, the notes fall off the page and create a pool of ink on the floor.
 * NE - stone inlay that teleported us
  * finished
 * E - crossed swords
 * SE - brass plate - two hold missing knocker
 * S - arrow pointing down - locked
 * SW - small girl - locked
 * W - archway - locked - unlocked with key
  * Document on table in banquet room. Large ceiling to floor mirror, same room on other side.  Large potted plan in NE of mirror image.
  * We place potted plan in same position in mirror.  Doll appears.  We take it.
 * NW - framed canvas, a window - teleport
  * landscape paiting on the walls.  Walkway in cross across center of room in with doors at N, E, S, W
  * knwocked over easels and pait brushes
  * TerloK looks through N door and sees us.
  * Paitings on the walls show cliffs, trees, all sideways, except south paiting of woods.  TerloK touches it and teleport.
   * Colorful, wierd, fantasy land.  Flying creatures in each corner.
   * ArzehK - draws weapon - notices we are all paintings - crosses bridge and hides
   * ToabTimbers rallies the flying unicorns
   * FistriT crosses bridge - strikes it with his hammer - bashes hold and topples into water.  Water smells of turpitine (71 acid damage).
   * CoY falls into river - 84 acid damage
   * DremorhA - draws dick on the ground
   * TerloK - pulls a handful of mushrooms, roots are attached to trolls that come out.
   * ToabTimbers passes rope to FistriT - everything in the turpintine looks real.. not like paint.
   * TerloK hides under bushes, falls into water.
   * ArzehK gets cursed from Peryton - almost falls into water
   * DremorhA - runs from tolls
   * CoY takes 76 acid damage and flys out of water, tries to carry FistriT, unable.  Dies by turpitine.  We all do.
    * stick is coming out of paiting, covered in paint.  TerloK grabs it.
    
        