 * We start in the wierd library
 * StoneSpeakerCrystal clues us in on stuff
 * Study: GromphBaenor - most powerful mage of VekinvelveCity.  Divination is his specialty.  Related to Banors.. like Jarlaxle.  His family, HouseBaenor, is the most powerful in the city.
 * Wizard we met, VizeranDevir, doesn't like GromphBaenor... We agreed to meet him in a fortnight.
 * We will gather spell components to help VizeranDevir summon all demon lords to VekinvelveCity:
   * Purple worm egg
   * Beholder's central eye
   * 6 feathers from different angels
   * Goristro's heart, 13 tinmasks
   * Blood from a demon lord
   * Piece from a demon prince
   * Gromph Baenor's grimoire
 * Baphomet has goristro in labyrinth
 * Met TenseR - TensersTransformation spellbook page.
 * Vision of demon talk human: ''ArN... in arena as he's working on machinery...  He's sucking in souls into his hands collecting them into a basket... Earth is being torn apart, erupting, turining into Hell.  These soul... coin in the basket... he looks out and calls out "Time".  Another deamon appears.. wings and stuff... ArN show coins (souls)... winged devil accepts and starts chanting.... Mephistopheles... ArN says "I'll kick your butt if you betray me". A 3rd devil appears... in glowing red hot chains, red skin, neatly dressed with staff, lighting crakling around skin, struggling against bonds.  MetestopholiS cackles... reaches up as if to shhot AsmodeuS.  All took place in the City of EverloN.''
 * Meet a green hag lady that looks at our stuff.  She's knows we're from the Bureau from CelliS... "I'd like to offer you a messagge". She was speaking to HubuB. Countess from CeliS who has agents from agents working on the problem... Hag and Dutches(Countess?) doen't get along. "Everlon is in controll of Arch Devils who have done something to tamper with the separate of realms/planes. Which has resulted in large demon inccursion.  The purpose is to set up an existential situtuation that has to be resolved to weaken us so that we can't fight ArN.  ArN is the bad guy who's responsible... he met with LotH.  Find a way to tootle of with ArN... else she'll stir our brains.  "Focus attacks on machinery"
 * off we go to ArajsTower
 * VizeranDevir shows us ritual to summon devils to VekinvelveCity
 * Met Hanae, female drow looking for purple worm eggs.  She joined our party.

!img /files/bureau/rituralToRecallDevilsToVekinvelvel.jpg
