NPCs
Buppido - Male Derro, sounds kind of like the wizard from Diablo if I'm doing him right - generally kind and gregarious - appears to be one of the defacto "leaders" of the crew.  Turned out to be evil necromancer.  We killed him.
Prince Derendil - Polymorphed Elf/Quaggoth - Sounds kind of like Aladdin (I'm not good at standard whitebread voices that don't sound like Jay) Huge white bear dude in fancy clothes.  Prince of Nelrindevane in the High Forest, Usurped by the evil wizard Terrestor, who polymorphed him and exiled him.  Is concerned that when he gets mad the beast takes over - might need help getting out of that mindset.  We cast an advanced trasfigure spell to turn him in to a “real” elf.  He now has a mustache.
Eldeth Feldrun - Female shield dwarf scout from Gauntlgrym.  Sounds scottish bc dwarf.  Also kind of racist about subterranean races not-dwarf (based on what she's said so far).
JimJar - Bald Svirfneblin with an earring... if I'm doing him right he sounds like a cross between Raynor and Han Solo.  Another of the more leader-ish members of the crew.  Wants to get stool home.  From Blingdenstone.
Ront Iceshield - follower of gruumsh, god of the orcs.  Kind of an asshole - hes' an orc.  Died a foolish death sacrificing himself to the Demigorgan.
Sarith Kzekarit - sounds kind of like Riddick... maybe. Drow accused of killing a fellow soldier - has no memory of the event - was going to be sacrificed to Lloth - Left for Neverlight Grove
Shuushar the Awakened - Kuo Toa - maybe sounds kind of like enemy mine guy... once again my voices are only so good - Pacifist kind of buddhist fish dude, wants to share his message with Sluubludop, the Kuo Toa city on the Darklake. Teleported away in ray of light
Stool - Myconid Sprout that you guys like a lot.  Wants to get back to Neverlight Grove - uses Rapport Spores to talk to you guys.
Rumpadump - Myconid sprout, shy
Topsy and Turvy - two Svirfneblin twins from Blingdenstone.  Topsy is the sister... they both sound nasally.  Topsy talks, Turvy mostly mutters and mumbles.
Hemeth Rockshield - Duergar Arms Smuggler from Gracklstugh who was to be sacrificed to Leemogoogoon in Sloobludop.  Fled with the party as the Demogorgon attacked that town.  Wears Dwarven Chain and uses a short sword to fight.  Can grow to giant size.  Can turn invisible seemingly at will.  Claims to be part of a large trading clan in Gracklstugh. Parted ways in Gracklestug
Smoak - Mysterious Necro who has befriended Toab.  Give him the Homely Hut in exchange for favors.  Continues to help Toab.