 * CandleKeep - library fortress south of BauldersGate
 * We're here to find work.
 * HouseOfRest - place where visitors stay
 * TheHearth
 * Goblin old man give WildeR a book before he dies.
 * Book 8x14 inches, smells like lily, gold frame, hair, illustration of woodland scenes and handwriring, short prayers/meditations.
 * Golblib talked about his son-in-law SnotNose
 * On the last page is an inscription by the author, SylvarieSilversong, which reads: “A mirror is a gateway to happiness, truth, and to accepting ourselves.”
 * ReyzaRevali - looks into mirros and sees beautiful woman and himself meditating in the morning
 * Magical garden portal shows up - people enter bar and say they are looking for this PhaltraX. They hire us to find him.
 * We go through portal. Follow path and come to large building, cloud of smoke like from chimney. Temple, Bath house, Restful house of the lily.
 * Morganna invites use to stay in hotel for 5gp.
 * Drow Ilmar and some kind of water nymph bound to the bath want us to help find and free SylvarieSilversong. She built the place but disappeared and hags in disguise took it over.
 * Greensong, Azirssa, and Moraganna ... hags
 * With distraction we sneak out back, fight gargoyle, and enter tower.
 * Corba dragonborn in tower tells us,  SylvarieSilversong now has snakes for hair, Phaltrax is in kitchen (up) with gargoyle and is really old.
 * We end on first floor, about to head up.  How will we take SylvarieSilversong back now that she's apparently a medusa?
