---
LastModifyingUser: monty
---
!4 Since Last recap

CrescentForest : the party had been BreeZora and gained the other HalfDragonAmulet turning into the AmuletOfTheMetallicDragon.  BreeZora scared the bejesus out of them, but MardreD had a chip on her shoulder and attacked. BreeZora made quick work of MardreD and turning her into her undead servant.  The SausageSlammers made a run for it and barely escaped on their boat.

Upon returning to RiverTon, things are amiss.  '''Perception Checks'''
Soldiers missing from the gates.
Few people out in the streets.  The people who are look rugeed and send suspicious glances in the direction of the SausageSlammers.
Most shops are closed.
The DrowsyTortoise is a crowed mess.  People helping themselves to drins.  WendY and WallacE are coweering the storage closet.  When the party enters, everyone quites down and stares for a moment.
Soldiers encircle the inner wall, guarding the castle.
At the Dojo they find DomiR and SeebO tied up and gagged on the floor.  When the party tries to help, in walks FreddyFisker and his thugs.  

As questions are aksed, the party learns that MardreD had kept order in RiverTon by secretly using magic.  The organized crime leaders, particularly FreddyFiskers, had been charmed by MardreD to remain calm and well behaved.  With her passing, the charm wore off and the crime lords want control of RiverTon worse than ever.  

FreddyFiskers tried to lure the SausageSlammers into serving him, becoming his Elite Thugs.

If DomiR gets that chance, he'll advise the party to see the king.  But the thugs won't make it easy to get away.

KingEdward is desperate.  His soldiers are ready to invade the town which would lead to devestation and unwated calateral damage.  He'll happily promote the SausageSlammers if they take care of the problem.

He has servants retreive 2 superior healing potions each (8d4+8).






