---
LastModifyingUser: monty
---
!4 July 5th - Recap
Defeated Yuan-ti who knew about egg
Destroyed the Golem and collected reward
Entered in to the Royal Rumble

!4 Outline
Leave Dojo
Need to find reason to give party “Locate Object” scroll - Or maybe Domir helps them find
Crowd at Drowsy Tortoise.
Tiny halfling girl walking around begging for money  
Sausage Slam. Wendy invites them to participate.  Anti up.  1v1 first to 3 wins constitution check. Prize - tokens - free meals for a week. Reigning champs:
Emmit - Half-elf - beard - clean cut
Deld - Dwarf male - mustache covers mouth
Danette - Slovenly woman human - short curley hair
Zanna - Gnome - female - bows in hair
Whilst in food coma - Wendy bring letter to table.  It’s addressed to Zealot.  Overtaken by food coma, area around table darkens, the tavern fades… they are alone.
Reklus finds pendant (face with teeth and horns) - upon touching has vision of killing his cult - cult leader (Juliet - wizened woman) gives Reklus pendant.  Reklus pushes pendant into chest.  Upon waking, has red/raised skin of pendant face on chest.
Leo - You see a large claw, metallic… getting closer… touched you on forehead.   skins begins to shimmer, a wave of scales appears head to toe.  You hear a voice in your head.  “The infant I saved in the woods has grown.  You’ve become strong.  You will become stronger.  A gift - to aid you to aid your friends.”  Sees Bear’s Endurance, Bull’s Strength, Cat’s Grace, Eagle’s Splendor, Fox’s Cunning, Owl’s Wisdom
Finn - eyes glow bright, golden yellow, then roll back into head.  You see yourself and you mom in the woods. Your tracking a buck, a memorable winter hunt, where mom misses shot and you go hungry for weeks.  This time before the shot, you begin chanting softly, close your eyes and you see the buck in yout bread.  Mom misses, buck flees, but you still see it.  You follow, you shoot, you eat well for the next week,
Zealot - the letter is from Tymanther.  From the Vizier Kreen - magical councelor whom you knew well, like an uncle. The script is extraordinary elegant for a simple letter. “My Chiefton Zealot,  Our thoughts are with you, always, and we hope you continue to find the life lessons you seek. Know that Tymanther, though still recoiling from the toll taken by the plague, is enduring in your absence.  The clan’s throne patiently awaits your return, as does your clan’s people.  We do miss you and hope you stay safe and Shielded from danger. - Kreen”  - Magic flow from the letter into Zealot’s eyes.
Party awake to find purses snatched - Can find Locate Object or Domir’s assistance
Near outer wall, north of gate 2 halfling siblings
Lidda - teen - older sister
Cade - 8 yo boy
Bree - young 5yo sister
Parents (Marla & Milo Muffintop) went missing while travelling in caravan from Cerdulo to Riverton - went for evening walk and never returned.
Royal Rumble Teams
Stubborn Oaks Red/Yellow
Rudgar - Human beefy guy - was in arm wrestle
Human woman fighter - blond braided - shield worman
Human woman barbarian - red hair - shaved on sides
Helf-elf archer - mohawk 
Cunning Countess Blue/Grey
Shiloh - long haired human - told Zealot he should arm wrestle
Elderly man - black/grey hair -  robed
Dragon born paladin - green
Halfling girl - rogue
Crush
Half hill-giant man - short black hair - 12 feet tall - club
July - 
Travis
