---
LastModifyingUser: monty
---
!img-r files/riverton/leo-bouldersnap.png

Once upon a time, in the eastern grasslands of GnansaS, lived a young Gnomish family in a comfortable underground burrow.  Fred and Wilma Bouldersnap went for a lovely picnic along the nearby stream with their proud baby boy Leo.  It was beautiful day and with full bellies it was time for a nap in the shade of a willow tree.   Fred and Wilma awoke suddenly by a ferocious snarling sound.  Gnolls!  Hungry Gnolls.  They attacked the Bouldersnap family who bravely defended themselves.  After the initial attack, the Gnolls fled.  Relieved Fred and Wilma wiped the sweat from their foreheads and turned to discover that their boy Leo was gone, taken by the Gnolls for food.  Wilma screamed and fell in tears.  Fred sprinted off in the direction the Gnolls retreated in shouting “LEO”, knowing the gnolls could easty rip him to shreds.  When he found the band of gnolls, they were dead lying in pools of blood on the ground.  The baby Leo was lying face up on a boulder, held in place by a large glowing claw… As Fred looked up at the source of the claw he found a dragon peering down at him… a majestic beast covered in bronze scales.  The Dragon looked from baby Leo to Fred and spoke “He lives.  He will be different.  When ready, he may come to me.  I am TroPhom.”  Leo was different.  Magical powers emanate from him.  He would sometimes give an electric shock when you picked him up.  At bed time would produce a magical light and stay away for hours.  Later Leo beat off bully gnomes by producing flames and terrible frosts out of nothing. He was a special gnome indeed hungry for more than the dull life as a Rock Gnome.  Upon reaching adult age, Leo packed his bags in left in search of adveture as a cadet in the RivertonEliteGuard.
