---
LastModifyingUser: monty
---
!4 Sept 20 Recap 

JelivA finds you at the TrothsFort.  You nearly pledge allegiance to JelivA before Mardred transports you to cavern beneath the ground.  GlobbagooL makes friends with you and give you the tour.  In the well you encounter an hydra which you quickly dispatch.  Upon climbing out of the well you find TrothsFort burns to the ground.
Dorado -
LaucianN - (Finn’s father) - shoulder length blonde hair, golden eyes, tall, slender, carries two well-crafted scimitars, amazing armour, and fine elvish bow.  He battles Finn in isolation, whomping him of course, using it as a teaching moment, then offers to fight all the party...
DelorA - Ancient Gold Dragon, long tendrils hanging around mouth, missing scales, shaky movement, tired eye lids.  The Doradan elves have been serving her, protecting her for millenia. She has the ability to imbue her scales into a subject that will gain +2 const, awarded only after solving a riddle.
Riddles:  
What are the most valuable treasures in this room? - Your friends.
What runs the perimeter of a city but never moves? - A wall.
I have rivers with no water, forests with no trees, mountains with no rocks, towns with no houses.  - A map.
He who builds me doesn’t want me.  He who buys me doesn’t need me, He who uses me doesn’t care.  - A casket
I weaken all men for hours each day.
I show you strange visions while you are away.
I take you by night, by day take you back,
None suffer to have me, but do from my lack.
Answer: Sleep
		Skill Challenges:
You are at the bottom of a well, 100 feet deep.  There is a rope hanging down in the center.  Crawling down the wall are scorpions and spiders, Hundreds!  A charmander is clung to the rope half way up.  What do you do?
You are on a pedestal, 15 feet in diameter, with 5 doradan elves.   It stands 10 feet above a pool of bubbling lava. Your clothes are red, as are those of two other elves. The other three elves are wearing blue clothes.  The blue elves begin to push you and the other red elves off the pedestal.  What do you do?
You are in a row boat, on a river.  There is a Doradan elf in the boat with you.  Trees live the banks of the river with vines that dangle to the water surface.  The board is being carries by the water toward a very tall waterfall.  What do you do?
