---
LastModifyingUser: monty
---
!img-r -w 500 https://s3.amazonaws.com/files.d20.io/images/34772938/Fn-flefpAynPuqHLqTfImQ/max.png?1497901588544
!2 Party
 * BeghtDhulie
 * CorvuS
 * DibbY
 * AlistairSinclair
 * MaximilianWrex
 * NieveHarker

!2 Recaps
 * Session2024Oct6
 * Session2024Sep29
 * Session2024Sep22
 * Session2024Jul28
 * Session2024Jun23
 * Session2023Dec10
 * Session2023Nov26
 * Session2023Nov12
 * Session2023Oct29
 * Session2023Oct15
 * Session2023Jul19
 * Session2023Jun18
 * Session2023Jun04
 * Session2023May7
 * Session2023Apr30
 * Session2023Mar19
 * Session2023Feb5

!2 Objectives
 * Take orphans to St Andral's orphanage. [COMPLETE]
 * Escort Ireena, late mayor's daughter, to St Andral's cathedral in Velaki for safety. We have already been payed for this. [COMPLETE]
 * Dibby to buy toy for a girl in Velaki.
 * Inn keepers in Velaki want us to resolve missing wine shipments.
 * Find out what's up with the creature in the box in Velaki. Richtavio owns the cart with the box. He's at the inn?
 * LadyWachter wants us to kill Izek. Offered us 1000 silver.
 * Go to Argynvostholt and meet Godfried William(?). He will help us oppose Strahd. Revenant soldiers told us this.
 * Find Gertruda, daughter of Mary, crying woman in BaroviaTown.
 * Retrieve pouch for shopkeeper in BaroviaTown.  Do not open it.  Get a 50% discount in his shop.
 * Leave Barovia. It seems people can only leave with Strahd's permission.

!2 Places
 * BarterTown - Town near DaggerFord and the MistyForest
 * MistyForest - Where party first spent the night and awoke in the land of BaroviA
 * DurstManor - Home of Dursts east of Barovia
 * BaroviaTown - First town we encountered in the land of Barovia.
 * VelakI - Larger town Northwest of BaroviaTown

!2 People
 * DurstFamily
 * VistanI - Itinerant people.  Tinkers, maybe locksmiths. Have a camp west of Barovia. They sell us crossbow bolts at normal price.

!2 Notes
 * WerewolfManuscript
 * MadamEvasTarotReadings
