---
LastModifyingUser: monty
---
 * We show Morgantha our deed and she lets us in the windmill. Radu stays outside. We look around. Large barrel of green-black liquid.
 * Corvus, Alistair and Nieve go with Morgantha up to second floor and her two daughters come down from third.
 * Nieve asks for some bone meal to make a tonic to help a daughter with her stomach ache, and sees a child's barrett in the bag of bone meal.  Dibby finds a human skull on the first floor.
 * Dibby comes up to 2nd floor and asks Morgantha about skull. Morgantha reveals that they kill children and put them in the dream pies.
 * We hear scratching from the third floor. Alistair and Nieve go up to investigate and find two children in a cage. Morgantha follows and demands that we join their business of mankind dream pies. We try to free the children and the three '''Night Hags''' reveal themselves and attack.
 * They are powerful, have high-level spells and resistances.  They polymorph Wrex and Alistair into frogs. We need more magic/sliver weapons.
 * Green liquid spills out on first floor and produces Dretches. Front door is locked. Radu eventually climbs up to a window from outside and joins the fight. He uses a single-use lighting stone to great effect. Dibby teleports a hag far outside.  We kill Morgantha, and remaining hags teleport away, cursing us.
 * We find treasure:
   * 130 gp which we divide among party
   * Jewelry worth 6 * 25 gp, divided among party
   * 3 elixers
   * Heartstone
   * Some kind of fake eyeball
   * Oil of Sharpness
   * Soul Bag, which Alistair threw in the windmill fire.
 * Alistair sets the windmill on fire.
 * We feed and tend to the children, but where will they go?
 * '''We notice that a large boulder outside has been moved into place from somewhere else.'''
 * Long rest, '''level up to 4.'''
