---
LastModifyingUser: monty
---
 * On the way to the cathedral we see wanted posters with a picture that looks like NieveHarker. We also see posters requiring everyone in Velaki to come to the festival in 4 more days.
 * We enter the cathedral and see the head cleric. We give him the sacred bones and tell him that they were stolen and given to the vampires. We also deliver Ireena (quest completed) and spend the night.
 * Cleric tells us about the DuskElves. Long ago Strahd took one of their women as his bride, and later killed all their women and girls. They live with the vistani.
 * Tells us about the Wachter family in Velaki, powerful and wealthy. Apparently worship dark lords.
 * In the morning DibbY regenerates into a new, larger form.
 * A girl delivers an invitation to us, to meet Lady Wachter at her house for tea preferably at dusk (though we want to go earlier). She wants to discuss the dark forces surrounding Velaki.
 * Alistair creates a brilliant disguise for Nieve.
 * We head to Lady Wachter's house and in town we see people in stocks being punished for "unlawful unhappiness" or something.
 * IzaaK the head guard sees us, follows us and stops us with some other guards. He demands to know where the other woman (Nieve) is and doesn't recognize her in disguise. 
 * We try to talk our way out of the situation but when the the guards tell us to drop our weapons a fight breaks out.
 * Izaak can throw fireballs from his hand. Dibby webs a bunch of guards, Nieve paralyzes Izaak and the rest deal damage.
 * Nieve has a vision, a memory seeing Izaak as a boy when she was a child. She tells the other to hold their attacks and reveals herself to Izaak and asks what he wants with her. He says he is her brother, their (home/village) was attacked when they were children and they were separated and became orphans. His arm was cut off and he was given the magic one in a "deal with a devil". Izaak disapproves of his adopted father's (the burgomaster) punishing of people not acting happy. 
 * Izaak and Nieve will meet at the inn in the evening.
