 * Sound of howling wolves outside mayor's mansion, someone says "oh no, not again."
 * VolentA is out back with wolves telling mayor (Ismark the Greater) to bring out his daughter Ireena, to be taken tol Strahd.
 * Volenta shows she can break through mansion walls so we all go outside.
 * Volenta's companion sees Nieve and and runs away, impossibly fast.
 * Mayor won't give up daughter, so Volenta and wolves attack him.
 * Too many wolves and direwolves to fight, so we run away with Ireena. Dibby teleports mayor to the roof, but Volenta does the same and kills him anyway.
 * We follow a raven with blue-tipped wings to an inn and go inside.
 * Inn is run by vistani people and they tell us Strahd's servants won't attack us there.  We spend the night, removing one level of exhaustion for those affected.
 * Mayor's son, Ismark the Lesser is there, and we tell him of his father's death and he says he will be mayor now.  He will honor deal of 54gp for us to take Ireena as far as Velaki for safety, and he pays us in advance?!
 * We exchange our gold for silver coins of the realm at a 20% cost, and from now on we can use "gold" pieces at their normal value in Barovia.
 * Went to the town shop where proprietor charges 10x the normal value for his goods.  He offers us a quest to retrieve a pouch which we must not open, and in return he will give us a 50% discount in his shop.
 * Proprietor asks to buy Nieve as a kind of slave, so Alistair steals some crossbow bolts and the party leaves.
