---
LastModifyingUser: monty
---
Werewolves are among the most fearsome lycanthropes,bearing a curse as ancient as it is terrifying. For them, theaffliction of lycanthropy transforms even the mostcivilized individual into a monstrous beast, warping thelines betwixt man and nature.
In its humanoid form, a werewolf retains many of thecharacteristics of its original identity, save for certainnuances such as heightened senses, an explosivetemper, and an odd preference for rare meats. Over time,subtle features that hint at their animalistic nature beginto manifest. Nevertheless, it is in their wolf and hybridforms that the true horror of the curse is revealed. Awerewolf's hybrid form is particularly terrifying, with amuscular humanoid body crowned by the head of aravenous wolf. It is capable of wielding weapons, thoughits favored means of attack are its devastating claws andpowerful bite.
Werewolves typically abandon civilization soon aftertheir transformation. Those who reject the curse flee infear of harming their loved ones, whereas those whoaccept it fear exposure and the repercussions of theirviolent deeds. Out in the wild, they form packs, living incohesion with ordinary wolves and dire wolves alike.
The most tragic aspect of lycanthropy is itstransmission. A humanoid can contract this cursethrough a wound inflicted by a lycanthrope or throughinheritance if one or both of its parents are lycanthropes.
The cursed have two paths: they may resist the beastwithin or embrace it. Those who resist bear unendingstrain—until the rising full moon triggers a compulsoryand horrific transformation. These individuals oftenexperience bloody, haunting dreams: echoes of thecarnage wrought in their madness.
Some twisted souls, however, choose to accept theirbeastly nature. With time, they can master their abilities,calling upon the wolf's resilience and strength as theywill. To do so, however, they must first perform agruesome act: to murder another and consume theirflesh.
One sure way to identify an afflicted individual is thepresence of a perpetually raw, bloody wound: the scar ofthe initial curse transmission. This wound never fullyheals until the curse is lifted.
Beyond this mark, however, these creatures bear anextraordinary resilience. Conventional methods of harmprove ineffective in permanently subduing a werewolf.Only through the bite of silver or the chill of death'spower can a werewolf be truly put to rest.
A spell of removal can also cure an afflictedlycanthrope, though those who accept the beast mayfight it bitterly. As for those unfortunate souls bornunder the curse, they are doomed to bear their afflictionfor life. As far as my research has shown, there exists nocure, no respite for such individuals. They are caught inan eternal struggle, forever haunted by the wolf within.