 * Rescue the fremlin? (PrinceSnickleSnackPoliwog, son of KingGandolfis)
 * Alora is his friend, not at the campground yet.
 * Going to talk to prince of ShuMaker
 * Come upon floating island, a single stone with a Fairy castle, hanging gardens, pretty
   * Creatures, fairies flying around, imp dudes
   * A pallette sitting on top of castle
   * small naked dude with crown sitting on top of castle, KingGandolfis (AKA LordPoliwog)
 * Go scout out summer school before the prince gets there
 * Teleported to lake island with meowl (owls with cat heads)
 * Friendly camp counclers, ned jack brenda bill marcy alice, ... , steve (owner).
 * CampClearwater
 * Campers split up to do tasks:
   * Alice needs help to move 2300 lbs of stuff (JocopO)
     * rolls a joint - smokes it - Success
   * Brenda wants to check status of builidings (MerricK)
   * Bill: cabins hungy bears investigation (FiodH and SladE)
     * Success
     * Find a book on Demon Summoning
   * Jack: hole in the boats repair (PiloT)
     * Fills the hole
     * Finds note about demons
   * Ned (Peanut Butter Boy) wants to check on Mr. Coats, the grounds keeper (MorgaN)
     * Coats tells story of Grimhold.  Dwarves that find Drow. War. Dwarves win. Drows summon Juiblex, then die.  Grimhold eaten, except bones.
     * Regails tail of when he was cabin boy of Surrisa. Then senior cabin boy. Lanolin oil...
   * Marcy wants to invetory camp gear in workshed, protection from bears
 * The Slasher - a ghost warns us about as we search for Marcie.
   * Tunnels beneath docks
   * Break into abaondoned home
   * Find trap door
     * 2 poitions superior healing
     * sword with glowing stone - Magentan Sun-Saw
     * holy water
     * crossbow with silvered bolts (20)
     * 25,000 sp, 1,000 gp, three gold rings set with bloodstones (each one worth 250 gp)
 * North team finds evidence that Marcie was dragged into caverns, they venture in
   * Marcie gruesomly dead.  Slasher enteres in.  Kills Alice.
   * Attacked by violet fungi.  MerricK gave some temp hit points to folks.
