 * Looking for friend of noble man's soon
 * Camp Clear Water - monster killing camp councelors

 * New Mission: Security detail at wedding
 * Lord/Lady Berelia and Lore/Lady Magnum
 * Father Barato performing rights
 * Roast ox, pig, wine and music.
 * Large Minotaur: Cylus
 * Janulium: groomans man
 * Tim: old cron?
 * Gurtrude: well fed
 * Aliana: dwarf buety
 * Esmerelda: elf with scar on eye
 * Ester Verelia Bride
 * Groom: Romulus Magnum
 * Lord Lomberd : gruff - he's the one who hired us
 * Lord Magnum: Strong
 * Lady Magnum flirty
 * Weddings binds Suria and Federation
 * worship gober
 * Ducks appear with parchment saying: 3, 7, 5, 2, 1, 4
 * Elmo Bunster, Ester's boyfriend (wizard apprentice) played joke with ducks?
 * Tambrel - wizard mentor of Elmo
 * We go to tower - knock on door - servant there says Elmo stole a magic item from the wizard
 * We go to the slum.  At the bar we meet Max and Mac(?)... they know Elmo and are up to something. We follow them.
 * Max goes to temple, makes sure door can be opened. In the basement there is a secret door leading to the sewer system. We break the track to try to prevent the secret door from opening.
 * Mac goes to warehouse with a buddy and they check the fire escape. Jocopo tries to act but gets his butt kicked.
 * Groom is staying in an inn across from the warehouse. We break the fire escape so it can't be used.
 * We go to bed (long rest) and read schedule for ceremony tomorrow....


 !img /files/img/vast-wedding-schedule.jpg
