 * Group decided to escort DonJon Raksin ("DJ") to the silver mine as our next job. 100gp (and a jar of poison provided now, enough for 3 weapons) is our reward.
   * Need to get the mine operational. Dwarven miners who are supposed to be working it haven't been heard from. Squatters could be there instead.
   * Job is sponsored by the leader of Phandalin Miner's Exchange (PME), HaliaThornton. 
   * The PME has been contracted by the city of Phandalin to help run the region's mining operations. The city gets a portion of the profits for selling the PME exclusive mining rights. 
   * Halia tells the party she could help them acquire whatever "special", hard-to-find items the party needs. E.g. the poison.
 * We encounter several dead orcs, slashed and showing signs of freezing damage. Seems indicative of a white dragon attack.
 * Two orogs (Gohnnath and Lothar) approach us. Big G says the Orogs have been banished from the Orc tibes.
   * He had a dream, vision of the Mayhem party's destiny being tied to his. Had to find out who they are.
   * The orcs were driven out of the mountains by a White Dragon, driving them into confrontation with the humanoid peoples.
   * The Orogs warned the Orc Chiefs this was foolishness, and were banished for it.
   * The Orogs want to establish an Orc Kingdom known for music, art, literature; not wanton killing.
   * The Orcs captured the ruins of the Shrine of Savras where the WereRats had lived for a generation. South of Coynberry.
     * This was the site of the tale of a massacre. The Grey Wolf human barbarian tribe raided, pillaged, burned Coynberry to the ground. Everyone fled to the Shrine, defended at both by the Harengon (Rabbitfolk) people.
     * The Grey Wolf tribe then laid siege and killed all at the shrine. The Harengon bones at both sites were trotted out as "proof" that the Harengon were the real perpetrators of the massacres. They have become a byword among the humans for "ruthless killing of women and children".
     * The Orogs will stand with the Harengon, with the Tabaxi when the time comes.
   * The Orcs are on the move. Beware.
 * InvernaNightbreeze sees us engaged with the Orogs and approaches us. Casts a spell to make Rigansi's rapier magical +1, which will help with wererats.
   * She is a ranger in Neverwinter Wood, with "Falcon Force", a group of rangers protecting this area of Faerun.
   * She was previously a mentor, friend to Rigansi.
   * She says Rigansi's surrogate parents, Wons and Uncia Doulc, fellow Tabaxi, are in fact alive. They were captured and spotted being taken to the east in the vicinity of the StarMetalHills.
     * They were previously part of a traveling troupe of Tabaxi. The others were killed by orcs.
 * We arrive at MountainsToe Mine and enter.  Immediately engaged by wererats and giant rats, closing in from three directions.
   * They say we are intruding and must talk to their queen, Zeleen. 
   * We say no and bring down the ceiling in front of two of the three groups. Boards are broken.
 * We fight the remaining group, set them on fire with a cask of oil, and bring down the ceiling at that entrance.
 * A sleeping room is discovered with obvious signs of former water damage.
   * An old vellum journal is found.
   * A dwarf named Dorfin describes how in former times, druids had tried to raise a "StormSentinel" in the area to control, redirect raging storms.
   * Later a group of evil druids and wizards had repurposed it as a "StormSavager" to intensify raging storms.
   * This likely caused a massive regional flood, forcing the dwarf miners to retreat to this higher ground within the mine. 
   * This is his final record of what happened. If found it means they all drowned.
   * The location of the Storm device was written but washed out by the flood (crevice angled upwards, and water rose to bottom 1/3 of of journal)
   * Back of journal says they had been digging a new tunnel in the eastern part of the mine, but a huge worm creature scared them off.
 * We eventually fight some more wererats and giant rats, and the queen, ZeleenVanNaster. We kill the queen, and most of the wererats and giant rats.
   * DonJon is bitten by wererat and infected - but on the bright side it may cure his black lung?
 * Puck convinces the surviving Wererats to stop fighting and help work the mine, and get a 5% stake in its profits.
   * DJ thinks this will be acceptable to HaliaThornton.
   * The Wererats are trying to control the region's silver supply by running the mine. Silver hurts them; silver bad.
 * We check behind the queen's throne and find three burlap sacks buried in ground under the queen's urination spot.
   * 11 pieces of silver ore, valued at 9gp ea. Will need to be taken back to the PME for exchange. Rigansi has them.
 * The eastern half of the mine has yet to be explored.
