---
LastModifyingUser: monty
---
 * Visit HouseOfInspiredHands to get CatrinE cured from lycontropy.  NiM playing with mechanical squirrel.
 * Talk with ValettA, cures CatrinE for 100G. 
 * Go to MistyShore, GrindaGarloth's house to borrow her ApparatusOfKwalish.
 * Bssted Obliteros under water
 * ZelothaN - bronze dragon, we asked him for bronze scale, 1,000G!  Ouch.
 * RanaerNeveremeber and Warerat join us to theater 
 * Faerie Dragon catches us in theater and demands 5,000 gp of treasure to give us password to trapdoor
 * ~100' belowm, Door with dwarvish writing demands the keys... when keys are presented it opens.
 * 10 Doors in hall with broken bridges above.
 * Opened 1 and found mural that charmed BrunO.  After grappling him and destroying the mural, the mission continued.
 * Upstairs and across bridge: Large drawven statue of GlormGhlthyn
 * In another room, 4 suits of dwarven armor and runes saying: "A secret never before told with part Dulithoin's lips" (Patron of shield swarves, mining, keeper of secrets)
 * BrunO reveals his secret and presents himself as the girl BrundellE.
 * Below we found treasure! Guarded by gold dragon! Treasure is granted to us and dragon leaves.  We don't know how to get treasure out. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 * Explore last room across bridge.  Anvil, hammer in fresco. Inscription says "Let hearts be lifted and battles be won!"
 * Found secret room with: 
   * This room holds five copper urns (worth 25 gp each). 
   * Urn 1 contains five tourmalines (worth 100 gp each) mixed in with 200 cp. 
   * Urn 2 contains ten ordinary gold rings (worth 25 gp each) and 650 sp. 
   * Urn 3 is piled high with 250 gp. 
   * Urn 4 holds 33 blue quartz gemstones (worth 10 gp each). 
   * Urn 5 holds a 9-inch-tall silver statuette of a dwarf priest of Moradin with amethyst eyes (worth 250 gp and weighing 10 pounds).

 