!img /files/Week9_QuestsComplete.jpg 
Week 9 - How Many Quests Can You Complete in One D&D Meet?  
Were invited to a midnight soiree at the City of the Dead,
Should have known the types to meet there deal in dread.
Istrid clad in full plate, claims she is a simple banker,
Yet if we don't tell all we know, will incur Zent's rancor.   
The deal with the devil done, finally found our Mr. Mirt;
Meet the man Matram, to see if dopples a help or hurt?
Our stalkee Bonnie is Matram's 'guised girl,  
Harpers and Dopples should give it a whirl.   
Off to the Trade Ward, looking to deal in droids,  
Detector finds the nim who would have us destroyed.  
Quiss turned up the heat - hot metal head, hands, and feet!  
Aiax cracked the iron giant's back, with a smackety-thwack.  
The bashed bucket of bolts had a secret to share,
A map with a circle - "I guess....we go there?"
Quiss took the severed steel skull to Inspired Hands,
Five hundred doubloons payment for our merry band!   
The rest of the crew ready to rest at home & hearth,
But Troll Skull has a decidedly half-orc dearth.
Fern had been 'napped, imprisoned with spiders and Drow,
Skewered the arachnids, kersploded gun on Rizzen's brow.

 * Met a traveling circus that had some automatons - but not the one you're looking for. - This actually happened in the previous session.
 * Met with a IstridHorn in a graveyard tomorrow about what happened at the manor - She's now a tenant of TrollSkullManor
 * Met with MirT the day after for some HarperS business. He wants us to talk with the DoppelGangers to see which ones are trustworthy and could maybe join the HarperS.  In conflict with EmeraldEnclave.  MattrimMereg is allied with DoppelGangers.
 * Need to meet with doppelgangers to try to get them to leave town (or take them off the board otherwise) for the EmeraldEnclave. In conflict with HarperS.
 * Find the NimbleWright from the GralHund's so you can find out where the StoneOfGolorr is - they've been kept busy by constant investigations so far so probably haven't been able to retrieve it.
   * We found NiM's child and destroyed it but no progress on locating the StoneOfGolorr
   * It had a map with a circle around MistyShore in the DockWard.
 * Someone cut holes in your bar and was stuffing food in it - your trusty kobold sidekick addressed it but something to keep in mind.
   * IstridHorn has been tasked with taking care of this.
 * FerN had a dispute with an old acquaintance who called her AleahnA.
   * We tracked her down to a house where found her held prisoner by RizzeN.  We killed him and rescued FerN, brought her back to stay at TrollSkullManor.  He had 2 beryls worth 100gp each, and a GlamerweaveCloak.
 * PickleTots are a big hit!
