Traveled we did over rock, hill, and dale,
Strange-skinned elves, human, halfing, dwarf pale.
Arrived in a sprawling city of gods and mortals,
To guzzle goblets greedily at the Yawning Portal.

Our names barely known even to friends,
The Great Narrator's tongue did bend,
As attempts to say AigeantacH, AiaX, TadhG did miss,
CatrinE, BrunO too easy; just called first one Quiss.

Imbibing our brews a ruckus did arise,
A half-orc lady took on a few guys.
AiaX did try to intervene and be wise,
But up from the depths did hellish fiends rise.

Blood-sucking stirges, and a tempestuous troll,
QuisS played a tune, found it all oddly droll.
AiaX shot forth fiery fingers, yet felling the beast with a single kick,
Whilst I took a "nap", barkeep DurnaN's flaming torch did troll skin lick.

Talked with VolO the wanderer, who set us on a new path,
To find the friend FlooN, victim of ZentaruM's wrath.
But drunk now with victory, silver and gold coin to spare,
Found magical bells, pans, and whistles from an odd purple lair.

Dragons too many being spent,
  to the SkeweredDragon we went.
I spun forth this yarn of a tale,
  on sods drunk with right 'orrible ale.
'Til a new trail was found;
  CandleLane sniffed out like hounds.
The warehouse was thus tracked;
  Symbols of winged snakes, black.

Strange birds did appear, to mine eyes large as any man,
But us warring, raging — off their feathery arses ran.
To find we did then, haughty RenairE with daddy issues abound,
But the city guard took notice, did all of us surround.

And so we have come to the finish of Chapter One,
Yet for this TreasureHunt, our adventure's just begun.