Chapter 2 - Fight the Poo (and Other Adventures)

Our trail led down, far under the ground,
Where waters run brown, a shite sight was found.
A eerie enchanted eye, or a petite piece of poo?
By BrunO & AiaX died, reduced by bow and blade to goo.

Carried on, passed 'neath my favorite pub,
Pungent paths diverged at the sewer's hub.
Two arse cracks appeared in the shite stream's walls,
Goblin goons firing arrows at all in the halls.

Like mutated teen turtles, each wearing his choice color,
Sewery battle ensued, furiously fighting with valor.
We burst through side doors.
A Duergar, a thug, goblins galore.

All dead in a pinch from our magic and might,
Adventure led on to a 'more sordid sight:
NihilooR the Mind-flayer, GrumShar the Half-Orc
My javelin pierced the latter's neck like a fork.

Foes fled far under the ground,
Nearly dead Floon finally found.
Up from the bog to VolO we hurried,
His friend safe, his favor curried.

VolO's debt to us so great,
Paid in NorthWard real estate!
TrollSkullManor became our Keep;
The price to restore it much too steep.

So odd jobs awaited: sorted ancient tomes,
Trying to bank coin for our haunted home.
Misty madness brought me a curse for the worse,
Though the Harbor Moons still set in me purse.

BrunO dove for ore, though came up sore.
Tadhg performed at The Skewered, telling the Tale of the Sewer.
Cat is now pink, and helped a polymorphed turtle,
AiaX trails petals, TadgH stuck snorting mist – purple.

What adventures will await the crew tonight?
Off to the opera, PhaulkonMere, or some new fight?